.TH SCHEDTESTS 1 SCHEDTESTS

.SH NAME
schedtests \- a tool for real time system

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B schedtests
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Schedtests is a tool works in Unix System, developed with the propose of the low power consumption in real time system.  
The input is a task model and output is if the task model is scalable or not.
Performs various scalability test for to discover if is scalable. It works for various processors or clusters.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Display this usage information.
.TP
\fB\-v, \-\-verbose\fR
Print verbose messages.
.TP
\fB\-s, \-\-summary\fR
Print overall total numbers.
.TP
\fB\-l, \-\-list-samples\fR
List each sample summary analysis.
.TP
\fB\-r, \-\-compute-resource\fR
Compute each task's Bi (resource influence).
.TP
\fB\-m, \-\-model-file\fR
Specify where to read the model.

.SH INPUT FILES
N     R    LP	
.TP
U11    U12  U13 … U1N
.TP
 .      .    .     .
.TP
UN1    UN2  UN3 … UNN
.TP
F11    F12  F13 … F1N
.TP
 .	.    .     .  
.TP
FN1    FN2  FN3 … FNN
.TP
P1   WCEC1   D1   T1    J1    B1      M1,1 M1,2 … M1,R     
.TP
P2   WCEC2   D2   T2    J2    B2      M2,1 M2,2 … M2,R     
.TP
 .	.     .    .     .     .        .    .      .
.TP
PN  WCECN    DN   TN    JN    BN      MN,1 MN,2 … MN,R     
.TP
CPFV - [0,1]
.TP
CPFV1111   CPFV1112  ... CPFV 111N
.TP
N – number of tasks
.TP
R –  number of shared resources
.TP
LP – latency performance states
.TP
U – voltage (matrix whose: line is voltage and column is cluster)
.TP
F – frequency (matrix whose: line is frequency and column is cluster)
.TP
P – priority of tasks
.TP
WCEC – number of cycles worst case of the task
.TP
D – deadline of the task
.TP
T – period of the task
.TP
J - release jitter of the task
.TP
B – blocking (delay)
.TP
M – shared resources by tasks
.TP
CPFV – matrix related to processors, tasks, frequencies and cluster

.SH SEE ALSO
The README for more information or see the models directory for input files.

.SH AUTHOR
This tools was developed by Eduardo Bezerra Valentin at Federal University of Amazonas, Brazil.
.TP
Contact: ebv@icomp.ufam.edu.br

