\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename hydratools.info
@settitle Hydra Tools 1.0
@c %**end of header

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2014 Universidade Federal do Amazonas.
@end copying

@titlepage
@title Hydra Tools
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Output the table of the contents at the beginning.
@contents

@iftex
@node Top
@top GNU Sample

@insertcopying
@end iftex

@ifhtml
@node Top
@top GNU Sample

@insertcopying
@end ifhtml

@ifinfo
@node Top
@top GNU Sample

@insertcopying
@end ifinfo

@menu
* Hydra::    	   Hydra tools.
* Schedtests::     Schedtests tool.
* Pseudosim:: 	   Pseudosim tool.
@end menu

@node Hydra
@chapter Hydra
@section What is Hydra?
Hydra is a tools group works in Unix System, developed with the propose of
the low power consumption for real time systems.
The input is a task model and output is if the task model is scalable or not.
Performs various scalability test for to discover if is scalable.
It works for various processors or clusters.
Uses the technique DVFS (Dynamic Voltage and Frequency Scaling).
Determines optimal frequency on systems through an exhaustive search.
The compiled in this package created other two tools: the SCHEDTESTS and
PSEUDOSIM.
Schedtests works with task models fixed and pseudosim works with models random.

@section What is the use of Hydra?
Hydra is useful for discover if a task model is scalable or not.
Determines optimal frequency on systems with dynamic voltage and frequency
scaling.
Can be used for real time systems designers, the project of real time systems
can be facilitated, case the target system contains a processor with functionality
DVFS.
Is useful for measuring power consumption.


@section Package Content
README - File contains informations

INSTALL - How to build this tool

src - source files

include - header files

Binaries - This package generates the following tools: schedtests and pseudosim

Man Page - The man page for instructions

Models - Some task models fixed

Results - Some results

High-ord - pdfs, graphics, evaluation

Doc - Documentation in pdf

Man - Documentation in man page

@section Dependencies
This tools uses two others tools: CPLEX and AKAROA,

CPLEX is an optimization software package.

AKAROA is a statistical treatment software package

@section More informations
For more information use the man page, read the readme file or enter in contact with

Eduardo Valentin: (@email{ebv@@icomp.ufam.edu.br})

@node Schedtests
@chapter Schedtests
A tool for real time system

@section Synopsis
schedtests OPTIONS

@section Descriptions
Schedtests is a tool works in Unix System, developed with the propose of the low
power consumption in real time system.
The input is a task model and output is if the task model is scalable or not.
Performs various scalability test for to discover if is scalable. It works for various
processors or clusters.

@section Options
        -h, --help

                Display this usage information.


        -v, --verbose

                Print verbose messages.


        -s, --summary

                Print overall total numbers.


        -l, --list-samples

                List each sample summary analysis.


        -r, --compute-resource

                Compute each task's Bi (resource influence).


        -m, --model-file

                Specify where to read the model.

@section Input Files
the input file schedtst is described below:

       N     R    LP

       U11    U12  U13 … U1N

        .      .    .     .

       UN1    UN2  UN3 … UNN

       F11    F12  F13 … F1N

        .   .    .     .

       FN1    FN2  FN3 … FNN

       P1   WCEC1   D1   T1    J1    B1      M1,1 M1,2 … M1,R

       P2   WCEC2   D2   T2    J2    B2      M2,1 M2,2 … M2,R

        .   .     .    .     .     .        .    .      .

       PN  WCECN    DN   TN    JN    BN      MN,1 MN,2 … MN,R

       CPFV - [0,1]

       CPFV1111   CPFV1112  ... CPFV 111N

       N – number of tasks

       R –  number of shared resources

       LP – latency performance states

       U – voltage (matrix whose: line is voltage and column is cluster)

       F – frequency (matrix whose: line is frequency and column is cluster)

       P – priority of tasks

       WCEC – number of cycles worst case of the task

       D – deadline of the task

       T – period of the task

       J - release jitter of the task

       B – blocking (delay)

       M – shared resources by tasks

       CPFV – matrix related to processors, tasks, frequencies and cluster


@node Pseudosim
@chapter Pseudosim
A tool for real time system

@section Synopsis
pseudosim OPTIONS

@section Descriptions
Pseudosim is a tool works in Unix System, developed with the propose of the low
power consumption in real time system.
Performs various scalability test for to discover if is scalable. It works for various
processors or clusters.
The input are parameters for generating of a task model with random variables
created by akaroa and the output is if task models is scalable or not.

@section Options
        -h, --help

                Display this usage information.


	-v, --verbose

                Print verbose messages.


	-c, --compare-no-lp

                Compare the difference to test without A_i.


	-f, --freq-file=<file-name>

                File name with frequencies per cluster.


	-r, --range-file=<file-name>

                File name with task model ranges.


	-n, --task-count=<task-count>
                Number of tasks to be generated per task model.

	-l, --switch-latency=<Lp>

                Switching Latency.


	-m, --processor-count=<freq-count>

                Number of processors per cluster.

@section Buggs
"pseudosim: error while loading shared libraries: libakaroa.so: cannot open shared
object file: No such file or directory"

Solved:
$ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:path_akaroa/

@bye
